Lab 1: Storyboarding
The outcome on Lab 1 was based on creating a storyboard for a grocery app
  When developing my storyboard I looked at the example we created in class and the lab one doc's instructions. From that I was reminded that a sucessful storyboard entails a detailed look at what features are included and how they are considered before they are added to the design/software they are made for. The entire time I just broke it into the smallest tasks possible and organized them by placing them in the catagories and subcatagories where they fit best. It was kind of like poking holes in my work, I kept thinking to myself "well what about this" and "can this be broken into more simple jobs." Most importantly I kept reminding myself to not overcomplicate it as I have a tendency to do this.
  First I created the backbone and skeleton and after I proured out all my ideas. Then I organized them and added cards along the way. I then refined it a couple times while also adding descriptions to cards. After I submitted it to ur courses but I realized I didnt add any time estimates so I had to go back and do that. I did the steps in order as much as I could because I felt that it simplified things and helped me think clearly about the different types of users an app like this might have and what each of their needs and wants might be. It really helped me focus and hone in on what the objective of each card was. Secondly even thought I was hesitant I added all my ideas that I was unsure were a good fit or would make the process more complicated and I put the them in the unschedled cards section. This helped me free up brain compacity that could be used on other elements while also simplifiying release 1 and 2 by intentionally putting my ideas down to be revisited at a later date. Lastly I kept the cards as simple as possible by leaving fonts plain and keeping the default colours for the cards.
  In my opinion my storyboard is thorough and well thought out and it made the prospect of designing and app (some that I would usually find daunting or even boring) sound exciting.
  Some original ideas/extra features I came up with were that regular people could sign up to deliver groceries and get paid, The app could share recipes to promote healthy living and make users happy. I also thought customers could leave reviews on people in the app who deliver, products, recipes and maybe even the app itself.
